hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be filming a very highly requested video
which is a morning routine for
university I've been getting so many
requests for me to do a productive
morning routine so that is exactly what
I filmed today but before I get started
I just wanted to let you know that this
video is kindly sponsored by Squarespace
I am going to be talking about them a
tiny bit more at the end of the videos I
hope that you enjoyed the video
so I usually wake up between 6:00 and
6:30 in the morning and then I try to
get straight out of bed and turn off my
alarm and I always used the song of
banana pancakes as my alarm because it's
just such an uplifting song to start the
morning with and then I just do some
gentle stretching and I also do these
arm exercises which I'm pretty they're
pretty much most signature stretch now
but they're meant to strengthen your
arms and I really enjoy doing them so
then I like to just drink some water
so some mornings I will have hot water
and lemon as well but this morning I
just had normal cold water and I tried
to drink a whole water bottle as well
and then I will just put the kettle on
so that it can boil
[Music]
then I head into the bathroom and the
first thing I'll do is just wash my face
I just wash my face with water and a
flannel it's very basic and then I will
brush my teeth
and it was quite chilly this morning so
I also decided to put on this jumper
just to keep me warm and I just like to
go to the window and peek outside and
have a look it's quite dark still at
this time in the morning but this
morning it was just so beautifully misty
I love mist it's one of my favorites
favourite weathers especially in the
morning and then I just go on YouTube
and I will find a guided meditation so
I've been listening to the honest guys
quite a bit recently in the mornings and
doing their positive affirmations as
well which is why you can see me
speaking to myself
see there next of course I make my bed
because you cannot start your morning
without making your bed it just starts
the day off to such a good foot if you
can do this every morning
then next I go and choose what I'm going
to wear for the rest of the day and then
I will head back into the bathroom this
time to have a shower and they have to
put the bath mat back because otherwise
it will get soaking wet
[Music]
so once I'm out of the shower I will put
on some face cream and I use this youth
preserve one from fresh and then I will
put on a very small amount of makeup so
I just like to wear concealer and also a
slightly tinted lip balm then next I
will do my hair so I just take it out of
the messy bun which I put it in when I
had a shower and then I just brush it
it's very self-explanatory I probably
don't even need to be doing this voice
over then I will just fold my pajamas
and open up the curtains to let some
daylight in and as you can see it's a
lot brighter now but still lovely and
Misty
[Music]
and I also turn on these tiny lights
decorations which I wish I put up on my
windowsill because it makes my room look
even cozier and then I will just wore to
my coriander plant with some water from
my water bottle
[Music]
so the next thing I'll do is curl my
fringe
I like to do this every morning because
I just like the way that it makes my
fringe look and I always put on my watch
without fail because I am a compulsive
watch checker breakfast so this morning
for breakfast I couldn't decide whether
I wanted a baccardo or pumpkin on toast
these are my two go to breakfast so
diplomatic ly I decided to just have
both and I also always make myself a mug
of tea and today I'm having this green
tea and jasmine one from Clippers tea
and this tasted incredible this is one
of the best jasmine teas I've ever
tasted and jasmine tea is one of my
favorites so then here you can see me
putting my breakfast together so first
of all in doing my avocado on toast so I
just put some olive oil then smash up
some avocado put some lemon on top some
chili flakes and some salt and on the
other one I put on some pecan butter and
then some pureed pumpkin and also some
cinnamon and because it's me as I was
eating of course I was reading on my
Kindle I laksa give me my flash news
briefing so the next thing that was on
my list was to wash up so I like to why
try to wash up my plates and bowls as
soon as I'm finished with them but you
might have been able to see that last
night I didn't do that so I also had to
finish off yesterday's washing up to you
and then I just like to do a tiny bit of
cleaning or tidying whatever needs doing
and this morning I definitely needed to
Hoover and I like to put on a classical
music playlist and at the same time I
will write my to-do list and most
mornings I will use a combination of
momentum and my study planner which I
designed myself from pumpkin product
okay and after that I will usually do a
tiny bit of YouTube admin and this
morning I was just working on my website
so if you didn't already know this is my
website and I am with Squarespace - this
[Music]
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and I
hope that it helps you to find some new
things that you can implement into your
morning routine to make it more
productive I am actually thinking about
filming a productive morning habits
video so if there's something you'd like
to see them please do let me know in the
comments but as promised I'm now going
to tell you a tiny bit more about
Squarespace so Squarespace allows you to
create your own website and the websites
look so professional but at the same
time they're so easy to navigate in news
it doesn't require for you to have a
massive knowledge of HTML and coding
because I don't have that knowledge and
I wouldn't have been able to create a
website like the one that I have if I
had to do that so my website pumpkin
productivity co uk so whilst I didn't
make my website originally with
Squarespace I have now transferred to
Squarespace because the platform just
seems so easy to use and there are so
many facilities which you can access
with Squarespace so add-ons a specific
formatting techniques that you might not
be able to find with a different
provider I'm not sure how many of you
actually seen my website but I'm so
happy with how it turned out and I
something that I just really enjoy to
add to so I can add to my blog I can
post study tips I can list items to sell
so for example my study planner and
Squarespace actually allows me to have a
platform on which I can actually sell
this study planner sorry the glare is
terrible that's so amazing because it's
just making things so much easier for
the individual he doesn't have to be a
massive corporation that's printing and
selling a study planner I can do it
myself
Squarespace has very kindly also offered
a 10% discount if you use the code Ruby
Grange at checkout so I just want to say
another massive thank you to Squarespace
for sponsoring this video because their
services are amazing and I'm so glad to
be partnering with them so I will leave
more details link down below if you're
interested in following up on this and
creating a website for yourself I know
that I actually get so many questions
from viewers asking how they can make a
website how they can go ahead making
their own like I made
pumpkin productivity Dookudu at UK and
Squarespace really is a perfect way to
do this yes all details to be linked
down below I hope that you enjoyed this
video and have a productive week